Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin
Welcome space cadet! You are about to embark on an intergalactic adventure
To your left, you will see the Galactic Gateway, where all space rangers begin their journey
To your right, you'll see the Planet Z, home to the evil Emperor Zurg
Remember, your mission is to defeat Zurg and save the galaxy
Good luck, and may the force be with you
[Space Ranger Spin starts]
As you spin through space, look out for the targets
There's one on the right!
Another on the left, keep shooting!
Nice shot, space cadet
You're doing great, keep it up
Zurg is up ahead, get ready to shoot!
You're almost there, keep shooting
Congratulations, you've defeated Zurg and saved the galaxy!
[Space Ranger Spin ends]
Thanks for riding Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin
See you next time, space cadet!